Update tutorials on how to import CSV files (#166)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/cypher-intro/load-csv.adoc

Importing the data from the _roles.csv_ file is a matter of finding the `Person` node and `Movie` node and then creating relationships between them.

[TIP]
====
For larger data files, good practice is to use the subquery `CALL {...} IN TRANSACTIONS`.
This subquery tells Neo4j that the query might build up inordinate amounts of transaction state, and thus needs to be committed in batches.
For more information, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/clauses/call-subquery/[Cypher Manual -> CALL {} (subquery)].
====

Using _Neo4j Browser_, run the following Cypher:

[source, cypher, indent=0]
----

> LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:///roles.csv' AS csvLine
> CALL {
>  WITH csvLine
>  MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine[0])}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine[1])})
> CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine[2]}]->(movie)
> } IN TRANSACTIONS OF 2 ROWS

Reviewer: This is also using `WITH HEADERS`:

```suggestion
LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:///roles.csv' AS csvLine
CALL {
 WITH csvLine
 MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine.movieId)})
CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine.role}]->(movie)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 2 ROWS
```

----

Using link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/tools/cypher-shell#cypher-shell[_Cypher Shell_], you can run the command:

[source, shell, indent=0]
----

> bin/cypher-shell --database=neo4j 'LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM "file:///roles.csv" AS csvLine CALL {MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine.movieId)}) CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine.role}]->(movie)} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 500 ROWS'

Reviewer: The previous example does it in rows of 2:

```suggestion
bin/cypher-shell --database=neo4j 'LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM "file:///roles.csv" AS csvLine CALL {MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine.movieId)}) CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine.role}]->(movie)} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 2 ROWS'
```

> bin/cypher-shell --database=neo4j 'LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM "file:///roles.csv" AS csvLine MATCH (person:Person {id:toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id:toInteger(csvLine.movieId)}) CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IND {role:csvLine.role}]->(movie)'

Reviewer: This doesn't have any reference to CALL IN TRANSACTIONS? That should be added right?

Author: Yes, you're right. I'm not sure how to modify this statement because of the necessity to prepend `:auto` in the interactive Cypher Shell. In fact, it means we need to add two code examples: one for Cypher Shell itself and one for Cypher Shell in Browser (interactive one, as it's named in the docs).

`bin/cypher-shell --database=neo4j 'LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM "file:///roles.csv" AS csvLine
CALL {MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine.movieId)})
CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine.role}]->(movie)} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 500 ROWS'`

`:auto
neo4j# LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:///roles.csv' AS csvLine
CALL 
{MATCH (person:Person {id: toInteger(csvLine.personId)}), (movie:Movie {id: toInteger(csvLine.movieId)})
CREATE (person)-[:ACTED_IN {role: csvLine.role}]->(movie)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 500 ROWS`

Reviewer: This specific one doesn't need :auto as it is for Cypher shell. The previous statement above would need it though

Created 5 relationships, Set 5 properties
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
Pay attention, `CALL {...} IN TRANSACTIONS` is only allowed in _implicit_ transactions.

> But Cypher Shell supports _explicit_ transactions.

Reviewer: Cypher Shell support both explicit and implicit transactions, the difference is that in Browser one needs to explicitly say `:auto` whereas in Cypher Shell it will work straight away.

> RETURN 1; // Run in implicit transaction

> :begin
> RETURN 1; // Run in explicit transaction
> :commit

Created 5 relationships, Set 5 properties
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
Pay attention, `CALL {...} IN TRANSACTIONS` is only allowed in _implicit_ transactions.
Cypher Shell supports both explicit and implicit transactions.
However in Browser you need to prepend `CALL {...} IN TRANSACTIONS` with `:auto`.

> ====

Author: @gem-neo4j, I edited the admonition. Could you take a look, please? Is that correct now? I don't know why but in the Cypher docs there are no mentions that you need to prepend CALL {} with `:auto`.

Reviewer: In the docs currently; https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/clauses/call-subquery/#subquery-call-in-transactions has a note saying it is only allowed in implicit transactions and then links to the docs about how to use implicit transactions :)

This admonition is correct, but perhaps linking here: https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/introduction/transactions/ would be good so it is easier to understand why
